README.md, before:

# A Library of Reps

> Ability equals knowledge plus 10,000 times. - Shinichi Suzuki

This repo provides a library of tiny coding exercises that you can do some of
every day to build your muscle memory. Incorporating more syntax and library
knowledge into your muscle memory improves your productivity and frees up
higher-level cognitive processing to focus on the larger, more complicated
challeges presented to you every day.

## What is a Rep?

A "Rep" is a single tiny coding excerise that can be completed in a matter
of seconds to minutes. It is usually as simple as defining a data type or
implementing a single simple function.

In this library, Reps are grouped by subject matter. Each group has a comment
at the top of the file to remind you what the Reps are for that subject. You
can copy that comment to get you started. The rest of the file shows a sample
set of answers for the Reps. You can take a look at these to make sure that
your answers hit the important points of the Reps the first couple of times
that you do time.

## How do a I do Reps?

The most important aspect of doing Reps is to make a habit of doing it every
single day. We recommend keeping a log of how many Reps you do each day to
help remind yourself and make it obvious when you miss a day. Keeping a Github
repo of the Reps you've done every day along with this log is a great way to
be able to look back at your progress. Here are a couple of real, down in the
dirt examples:

* https://github.com/qxjit/dailyReps
* https://github.com/jbrechtel/dailyReps
* https://github.com/gardenof/dailyReps

The amount of time you spend and the number of Reps you get done will depend
on your schedule and your current level of development. The more you do, the
faster your muscle memory will grow!

### Go do it!

To actually do some Reps, just pick one of the sets of Reps in this library
that feels right to you. Copy the header comment into your own blank file and
start your compiler running so you can get feedback. Then go through the items
in the header one by one and implement them. If you get stuck, you can peek
back at the answers in the libary for help. Do this every day until you can
implement all the Reps on that subject without peeking back. Then keep doing
until you can do them all without going back to the comment at the top to
figure out what's next each time.

Once all the Reps for that subject are under your fingers, try moving on to a
different subject to keep it interesting a new. It may take you only a week
to remember the Reps. For subjects that are newer to you it may take longer to
master them to that level.

### Don't underestimate the value of old review

It's surprisingly useful to go back to subject matter you already have a handle
on and do Reps for it. Promoting an old subject from simply something you
understand to something that is stored in your muscles is a great way to
improve your productivity.

This can even apply to subject matter you've already done the Reps for in the
past. When you change up your Reps, don't forget to go back and re-do some old
Reps from the past to keep your muscle memory fresh!

## Make your own Reps

You might not find Reps in this library for the subjects you want to cover
(yet!). Make your own Reps and do them. Open a pull request and contribute them
back to the library for others to do as well!

Commit message:

Adds section about redoing mistakes to the README
I was doing this and realized I had forgetten to put it in the readme.

README.md, after:

# A Library of Reps

> Ability equals knowledge plus 10,000 times. - Shinichi Suzuki

This repo provides a library of tiny coding exercises that you can do some of
every day to build your muscle memory. Incorporating more syntax and library
knowledge into your muscle memory improves your productivity and frees up
higher-level cognitive processing to focus on the larger, more complicated
challeges presented to you every day.

## What is a Rep?

A "Rep" is a single tiny coding excerise that can be completed in a matter
of seconds to minutes. It is usually as simple as defining a data type or
implementing a single simple function.

In this library, Reps are grouped by subject matter. Each group has a comment
at the top of the file to remind you what the Reps are for that subject. You
can copy that comment to get you started. The rest of the file shows a sample
set of answers for the Reps. You can take a look at these to make sure that
your answers hit the important points of the Reps the first couple of times
that you do time.

## How do a I do Reps?

The most important aspect of doing Reps is to make a habit of doing it every
single day. We recommend keeping a log of how many Reps you do each day to
help remind yourself and make it obvious when you miss a day. Keeping a Github
repo of the Reps you've done every day along with this log is a great way to
be able to look back at your progress. Here are a couple of real, down in the
dirt examples:

* https://github.com/qxjit/dailyReps
* https://github.com/jbrechtel/dailyReps
* https://github.com/gardenof/dailyReps

The amount of time you spend and the number of Reps you get done will depend
on your schedule and your current level of development. The more you do, the
faster your muscle memory will grow!

### Go do it!

To actually do some Reps, just pick one of the sets of Reps in this library
that feels right to you. Copy the header comment into your own blank file and
start your compiler running so you can get feedback. Then go through the items
in the header one by one and implement them. If you get stuck, you can peek
back at the answers in the libary for help. Do this every day until you can
implement all the Reps on that subject without peeking back. Then keep doing
it until you can do them all without going back to the comment at the top to
figure out what's next each time.

If you make a mistake, don't just fix it and move on. That will train you brain
to make the same mistake next time and fix it afterwards again. Instead go back
to some logical point ahead of the mistake and redo that part of the Rep from
there, this time without making the mistake. If you really want to make sure
the correct way is imprinted on your neurons more deeply than the mistake, keep
redoing the section until you can do it 5 times perfectly in a row.

Once all the Reps for that subject are under your fingers, try moving on to a
different subject to keep it interesting and new. It may take you only a week
to remember the Reps. For subjects that are newer to you it may take longer to
master them to that level.

### Don't underestimate the value of old review

It's surprisingly useful to go back to subject matter you already have a handle
on and do Reps for it. Promoting an old subject from simply something you
understand to something that is stored in your muscles is a great way to
improve your productivity.

This can even apply to subject matter you've already done the Reps for in the
past. When you change up your Reps, don't forget to go back and re-do some old
Reps from the past to keep your muscle memory fresh!

## Make your own Reps

You might not find Reps in this library for the subjects you want to cover
(yet!). Make your own Reps and do them. Open a pull request and contribute them
back to the library for others to do as well!
